this is really interesting
as they're approaching they're kind of
chatting to each other just kind of
figuring out who's gonna be the first to
be allowed probably to come in and talk
to Tess not to me
hello hello Wow okay now they're
starting to build up their confidence
they're still playing around with each
other there's still definitely some
nerves going on the fighting and the
nipping and the scratching and the
biting it all has a real function of
keeping the team together and keeping
everyone in their right positions it
also gives you a really good look at
those teeth the canines make huge are
silly ferocious wolves have a bite twice
as strong as our German Shepherd police
dog
Tess knows each wolf from their
different personalities as they come
closer they greet her by licking her
face although they might seem very much
like domestic dogs these wolves are
still wild animals and our movements
have to be slow and cautious
[Music]
as they approach they're very much being
led by that canine super sense smell and
see what comes in first always the nose
always sussing things out with that
incredible sense of smell first two
thousand times more powerful than ours
that phenomenal sense of smell is used
to track prey from over a mile away in
the wild they're gradually starting to
get more and more confident checking out
Nick the sound man and Johnny the
cameraman getting closer and closer but
as they approach I mustn't let myself
forget how deadly these animals really
are and the wolves are quick to remind
me who's in charge come on oh I think I
might have moved a little bit too fast
there and just got snaps ass
just show there's nothing in my hands
Wow just a just a nibble but even so as
individuals
wolves are awesome predators but it's
when they come together as a pack that
they are really deadly the way they
bring themselves together particularly
before a hunt is using a howl and we're
gonna try that now and see if we can get
these guys to join in
[Music]
working the how can be heard by other
wolves over six miles away and also acts
as a warning signal to rival packs to
stay away and what a wonderful eerie
chilling stunning sound
[Music]
the wolf the voice of the wilderness and
the ultimate team hunter
[Music]
you